protests against the nakba are being
held at universities across the US many
of them are the campuses which have been
holding rallies in support of
Palestinians in Gaza for weeks now John
hendin reports from an alra in
Michigan here at the University of
Michigan the administration have asked
students to break up this encampment the
academic year is over but students in
sis they are going to remain and instead
they're holding a rally with hundreds of
people and they have said that they have
taped their demands to the doors of all
eight regions the regions are the
officials at the University with the
power to change policy those demands are
one to devest from Israeli aparte and
genocide and their words number two
Financial operations they say must be
beholden to what they call a people's
audit and three the University of
Michigan needs to withdraw from all
Israeli academic cooperation and they
need to abolish the police force and
replace it with a crisis response Force
we talked to a student here this is what
she had to say so what student movements
have proven is that the heart of the
movement is well and Alive within
campuses and so wherever the movement
resides that is where I will be and that
is where the Palestinian supporters will
always be so the encampment is still
going on strong today's day 24 and we
are going to remain here until our
demands are met and while I have
technically graduated um my heart has
never graduated from the Palestinian
movement it's always going to be
committed to that no matter what so I am
going to remain here and so has several
of our community members local an arbor
folks and students who aren't even
taking classes right now but who have
decided to not go back home for the
summer and to remain here because of
their commitment to Palestinian
Liberation as part of the knba rally
students marched around campus here at
the University of Michigan to draw
attention to their demands and then they
came back here to the encampment and
gathered
a table that's a negotiating table and
on each of the eight chairs is a picture
of one of the eight Regents of the
University that's because the university
regions have not been negotiating with
the students and the students want them
to come to the table John hendin Al
jazer and Arbor
Michigan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz